Updates to static content section of README.md (#14162)
department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website: README.md

### Building static content

> VA.gov contains many pages that include content pulled from a Drupal-based CMS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VA.gov contains many pages that include content generated from a Drupal-based content model.
```
